fix: prettier config resolving (#1351)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/breezy-moles-behave.md

---

> "@changesets/apply-release-plan": patch
> "@changesets/write": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@changesets/cli": patch
"@changesets/apply-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/write": patch
```

---

> Fix `changeset version` not applying a custom .prettierrc configuration with `prettier` >= 3.1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue with not applying a custom `.prettierrc` configuration with `prettier@>= 3.1.1` 
```
